Update README to remove eclipse references. (#580)
wpilibsuite/shuffleboard: README.md

## Running

Shuffleboard is installed by the FRC vscode extension. It can be launched from the WPILib menu in vscode (start tool).
It can also be run manually by running the shuffleboard.vbs in `c:\Users\public\frc<year>\tools` (Windows) or
shuffleboard.py in ~/frc<year>/tools (Linux or Mac).

### Requirements
- [JRE 11](http://jdk.java.net/11/). Java 11 is required.
No other version of Java is supported. Java 11 is installed on Windows by the

> [WPILib installer](https://github.com/wpilibsuite/allwpilib/releases). Users on Mac or Linux will have to install Java 11

Reviewer: Should we link to the screensteps docs on the WPILib installer and manual installation guides?

Author: I think that's better in the installation section, what do you think?

Reviewer: That sounds good. Maybe add that section above "Running"?

O/T: I should probably move the "structure" section, but that can be done separately

## Running

Shuffleboard is installed by the FRC vscode extension: [Installation Instructions](http://wpilib.screenstepslive.com/s/currentCS/m/java/l/1027503-installing-c-and-java-development-tools-for-frc).

> It can be launched from the WPILib menu in vscode (start tool).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can be launched from the WPILib menu in Visual Studio Code (start tool).
```

## Running

> Shuffleboard is installed by the FRC vscode extension: [Installation Instructions]

Reviewer: There can't be a newline or other gap between the `]` and `(` for the link to work
